
Chapter 1:

Dorothy decided to follow the advice of her doctors and took pills. Pills in the morning, pills in the evening, pills that were supposed to make her feel better and happy
but all she felt was hurt, and all she wanted was to die because the pills prevented her from achieving a dream
a dream that waa implanted into her by an old witch from lemon county
Boxed in by a pair of authority figures, communally raising her after her parents died in a farming accident.
But to Dorothy, kansas city was a blank canvas, when she was gifted her first computer in 1983 on the advice of her extended family, using the parents last will from the 
farming accident to help her cope.
And she used the computer to cope, and she learned to program when eveeryone else around her only dreamed in color, she dreamed of something different
she dreamed of ones and zeroes.
Kansas city became a canvas of endless posibilities, and she took her best shot to win with them, and she discovered everything she ever needed in life.
but she had to get there somehow, by destroying all the barriers to hope in a small farming middle america town. 
And she watched the film verison of Oklahoma
And behind her keyboard she discovered, she wasn't in kansas anymore.
Until she realized her skills had a purpose for a greater game than anyone ever predicted.
The Game of War

Chapter 2:
Falling into a rabbithole of electronic data processing metaphors, where up and down were both ones and zeroes, but Dorothy knew ones and zeroes
she knew they could represent on a screen everything, even things that the screen was not currently able to display, things that language of 1983 could
not even represent, so she calculated the axis of left and right and upside down were all told through the lens of the screen display.
A screen that could be displayed through all sets of form, a screen that could have multiple screens into a cube and program resolutions that could]
display multiple resolutions of different machines all on the formless formed screens, she did this well and well until she got so bored there was nothing
that she could not program, so she devised a plot
to simulate using that program what tomorrows world would look like on a computer
And she programmed it all in one night on a black screen, screens that would look black and white and through and sand falling down was a speck that 
echoed her wisdom and creation all from words that were translated into ones and zeroes, as if her brain synapses were ones and zeroes and every nerve end was a wand that told her
what number to click next. She wanted to click, click, click and click again, and she said she would, and she did.
And then a screen of text was able to display what the future would look like.
And she wanted to be in the future where the screens were better
SO she took a rabbit hole into artificial intelligence from the research that had already been done
and she exploited it to see the future
down into a rabbid rank ratchet rabbit code roll.
